ava lent a pencil to maya .maya thanked ava .
ava gave maya a pencil .the person who received the pencil was maya .
ava called maya .maya answered the call from ava .
ava sent a pencil to maya .maya kept the pencil from ava .
ava lent a cup to leo .leo thanked ava .
ava gave leo a cup .the person who received the cup was leo .
ava called leo .leo answered the call from ava .
ava sent a cup to leo .leo kept the cup from ava .
ava lent a bag to nora .nora thanked ava .
ava gave nora a bag .the person who received the bag was nora .
ava called nora .nora answered the call from ava .
ava sent a bag to nora .nora kept the bag from ava .
ava lent a ball to omar .omar thanked ava .
ava gave omar a ball .the person who received the ball was omar .
ava called omar .omar answered the call from ava .
ava sent a ball to omar .omar kept the ball from ava .
ava lent a towel to ella .ella thanked ava .
ava gave ella a towel .the person who received the towel was ella .
ava called ella .ella answered the call from ava .
ava sent a towel to ella .ella kept the towel from ava .
ava lent a spoon to finn .finn thanked ava .
ava gave finn a spoon .the person who received the spoon was finn .
ava called finn .finn answered the call from ava .
ava sent a spoon to finn .finn kept the spoon from ava .
ava lent a lamp to sara .sara thanked ava .
ava gave sara a lamp .the person who received the lamp was sara .
ava called sara .sara answered the call from ava .
ava sent a lamp to sara .sara kept the lamp from ava .
ava lent a book to noah .noah thanked ava .
ava gave noah a book .the person who received the book was noah .
ava called noah .noah answered the call from ava .
ava sent a book to noah .noah kept the book from ava .
ava lent a pencil to nina .nina thanked ava .
ava gave nina a pencil .the person who received the pencil was nina .
ava called nina .nina answered the call from ava .
ava sent a pencil to nina .nina kept the pencil from ava .
ava lent a cup to emma .emma thanked ava .
ava gave emma a cup .the person who received the cup was emma .
ava called emma .emma answered the call from ava .
ava sent a cup to emma .emma kept the cup from ava .
ava lent a bag to luca .luca thanked ava .
ava gave luca a bag .the person who received the bag was luca .
ava called luca .luca answered the call from ava .
ava sent a bag to luca .luca kept the bag from ava .
maya lent a pencil to ava .ava thanked maya .
maya gave ava a pencil .the person who received the pencil was ava .
maya called ava .ava answered the call from maya .
maya sent a pencil to ava .ava kept the pencil from maya .
maya lent a bag to leo .leo thanked maya .
maya gave leo a bag .the person who received the bag was leo .
maya called leo .leo answered the call from maya .
maya sent a bag to leo .leo kept the bag from maya .
maya lent a ball to nora .nora thanked maya .
maya gave nora a ball .the person who received the ball was nora .
maya called nora .nora answered the call from maya .
maya sent a ball to nora .nora kept the ball from maya .
maya lent a towel to omar .omar thanked maya .
maya gave omar a towel .the person who received the towel was omar .
maya called omar .omar answered the call from maya .
maya sent a towel to omar .omar kept the towel from maya .
maya lent a spoon to ella .ella thanked maya .
maya gave ella a spoon .the person who received the spoon was ella .
maya called ella .ella answered the call from maya .
maya sent a spoon to ella .ella kept the spoon from maya .
maya lent a lamp to finn .finn thanked maya .
maya gave finn a lamp .the person who received the lamp was finn .
maya called finn .finn answered the call from maya .
maya sent a lamp to finn .finn kept the lamp from maya .
maya lent a book to sara .sara thanked maya .
maya gave sara a book .the person who received the book was sara .
maya called sara .sara answered the call from maya .
maya sent a book to sara .sara kept the book from maya .
maya lent a pencil to noah .noah thanked maya .
maya gave noah a pencil .the person who received the pencil was noah .
maya called noah .noah answered the call from maya .
maya sent a pencil to noah .noah kept the pencil from maya .
maya lent a cup to nina .nina thanked maya .
maya gave nina a cup .the person who received the cup was nina .
maya called nina .nina answered the call from maya .
maya sent a cup to nina .nina kept the cup from maya .
maya lent a bag to emma .emma thanked maya .
maya gave emma a bag .the person who received the bag was emma .
maya called emma .emma answered the call from maya .
maya sent a bag to emma .emma kept the bag from maya .
maya lent a ball to luca .luca thanked maya .
maya gave luca a ball .the person who received the ball was luca .
maya called luca .luca answered the call from maya .
maya sent a ball to luca .luca kept the ball from maya .
leo lent a cup to ava .ava thanked leo .
leo gave ava a cup .the person who received the cup was ava .
leo called ava .ava answered the call from leo .
leo sent a cup to ava .ava kept the cup from leo .
leo lent a bag to maya .maya thanked leo .
leo gave maya a bag .the person who received the bag was maya .
leo called maya .maya answered the call from leo .
leo sent a bag to maya .maya kept the bag from leo .
leo lent a towel to nora .nora thanked leo .
leo gave nora a towel .the person who received the towel was nora .
leo called nora .nora answered the call from leo .
leo sent a towel to nora .nora kept the towel from leo .
leo lent a spoon to omar .omar thanked leo .
leo gave omar a spoon .the person who received the spoon was omar .
leo called omar .omar answered the call from leo .
leo sent a spoon to omar .omar kept the spoon from leo .
leo lent a lamp to ella .ella thanked leo .
leo gave ella a lamp .the person who received the lamp was ella .
leo called ella .ella answered the call from leo .
leo sent a lamp to ella .ella kept the lamp from leo .
leo lent a book to finn .finn thanked leo .
leo gave finn a book .the person who received the book was finn .
leo called finn .finn answered the call from leo .
leo sent a book to finn .finn kept the book from leo .
leo lent a pencil to sara .sara thanked leo .
leo gave sara a pencil .the person who received the pencil was sara .
leo called sara .sara answered the call from leo .
leo sent a pencil to sara .sara kept the pencil from leo .
leo lent a cup to noah .noah thanked leo .
leo gave noah a cup .the person who received the cup was noah .
leo called noah .noah answered the call from leo .
leo sent a cup to noah .noah kept the cup from leo .
leo lent a bag to nina .nina thanked leo .
leo gave nina a bag .the person who received the bag was nina .
leo called nina .nina answered the call from leo .
leo sent a bag to nina .nina kept the bag from leo .
leo lent a ball to emma .emma thanked leo .
leo gave emma a ball .the person who received the ball was emma .
leo called emma .emma answered the call from leo .
leo sent a ball to emma .emma kept the ball from leo .
leo lent a towel to luca .luca thanked leo .
leo gave luca a towel .the person who received the towel was luca .
leo called luca .luca answered the call from leo .
leo sent a towel to luca .luca kept the towel from leo .
nora lent a bag to ava .ava thanked nora .
nora gave ava a bag .the person who received the bag was ava .
nora called ava .ava answered the call from nora .
nora sent a bag to ava .ava kept the bag from nora .
nora lent a ball to maya .maya thanked nora .
nora gave maya a ball .the person who received the ball was maya .
nora called maya .maya answered the call from nora .
nora sent a ball to maya .maya kept the ball from nora .
nora lent a towel to leo .leo thanked nora .
nora gave leo a towel .the person who received the towel was leo .
nora called leo .leo answered the call from nora .
nora sent a towel to leo .leo kept the towel from nora .
nora lent a lamp to omar .omar thanked nora .
nora gave omar a lamp .the person who received the lamp was omar .
nora called omar .omar answered the call from nora .
nora sent a lamp to omar .omar kept the lamp from nora .
nora lent a book to ella .ella thanked nora .
nora gave ella a book .the person who received the book was ella .
nora called ella .ella answered the call from nora .
nora sent a book to ella .ella kept the book from nora .
nora lent a pencil to finn .finn thanked nora .
nora gave finn a pencil .the person who received the pencil was finn .
nora called finn .finn answered the call from nora .
nora sent a pencil to finn .finn kept the pencil from nora .
nora lent a cup to sara .sara thanked nora .
nora gave sara a cup .the person who received the cup was sara .
nora called sara .sara answered the call from nora .
nora sent a cup to sara .sara kept the cup from nora .
nora lent a bag to noah .noah thanked nora .
nora gave noah a bag .the person who received the bag was noah .
nora called noah .noah answered the call from nora .
nora sent a bag to noah .noah kept the bag from nora .
nora lent a ball to nina .nina thanked nora .
nora gave nina a ball .the person who received the ball was nina .
nora called nina .nina answered the call from nora .
nora sent a ball to nina .nina kept the ball from nora .
nora lent a towel to emma .emma thanked nora .
nora gave emma a towel .the person who received the towel was emma .
nora called emma .emma answered the call from nora .
nora sent a towel to emma .emma kept the towel from nora .
nora lent a spoon to luca .luca thanked nora .
nora gave luca a spoon .the person who received the spoon was luca .
nora called luca .luca answered the call from nora .
nora sent a spoon to luca .luca kept the spoon from nora .
omar lent a ball to ava .ava thanked omar .
omar gave ava a ball .the person who received the ball was ava .
omar called ava .ava answered the call from omar .
omar sent a ball to ava .ava kept the ball from omar .
omar lent a towel to maya .maya thanked omar .
omar gave maya a towel .the person who received the towel was maya .
omar called maya .maya answered the call from omar .
omar sent a towel to maya .maya kept the towel from omar .
omar lent a spoon to leo .leo thanked omar .
omar gave leo a spoon .the person who received the spoon was leo .
omar called leo .leo answered the call from omar .
omar sent a spoon to leo .leo kept the spoon from omar .
omar lent a lamp to nora .nora thanked omar .
omar gave nora a lamp .the person who received the lamp was nora .
omar called nora .nora answered the call from omar .
omar sent a lamp to nora .nora kept the lamp from omar .
omar lent a pencil to ella .ella thanked omar .
omar gave ella a pencil .the person who received the pencil was ella .
omar called ella .ella answered the call from omar .
omar sent a pencil to ella .ella kept the pencil from omar .
omar lent a cup to finn .finn thanked omar .
omar gave finn a cup .the person who received the cup was finn .
omar called finn .finn answered the call from omar .
omar sent a cup to finn .finn kept the cup from omar .
omar lent a bag to sara .sara thanked omar .
omar gave sara a bag .the person who received the bag was sara .
omar called sara .sara answered the call from omar .
omar sent a bag to sara .sara kept the bag from omar .
omar lent a ball to noah .noah thanked omar .
omar gave noah a ball .the person who received the ball was noah .
omar called noah .noah answered the call from omar .
omar sent a ball to noah .noah kept the ball from omar .
omar lent a towel to nina .nina thanked omar .
omar gave nina a towel .the person who received the towel was nina .
omar sent a towel to nina .nina kept the towel from omar .
omar lent a spoon to emma .emma thanked omar .
omar gave emma a spoon .the person who received the spoon was emma .
omar called emma .emma answered the call from omar .
omar sent a spoon to emma .emma kept the spoon from omar .
omar lent a lamp to luca .luca thanked omar .
omar gave luca a lamp .the person who received the lamp was luca .
omar called luca .luca answered the call from omar .
omar sent a lamp to luca .luca kept the lamp from omar .
ella lent a towel to ava .ava thanked ella .
ella gave ava a towel .the person who received the towel was ava .
ella called ava .ava answered the call from ella .
ella sent a towel to ava .ava kept the towel from ella .
ella lent a spoon to maya .maya thanked ella .
ella gave maya a spoon .the person who received the spoon was maya .
ella called maya .maya answered the call from ella .
ella sent a spoon to maya .maya kept the spoon from ella .
ella lent a lamp to leo .leo thanked ella .
ella gave leo a lamp .the person who received the lamp was leo .
ella called leo .leo answered the call from ella .
ella sent a lamp to leo .leo kept the lamp from ella .
ella lent a book to nora .nora thanked ella .
ella gave nora a book .the person who received the book was nora .
ella called nora .nora answered the call from ella .
ella sent a book to nora .nora kept the book from ella .
ella lent a pencil to omar .omar thanked ella .
ella gave omar a pencil .the person who received the pencil was omar .
ella called omar .omar answered the call from ella .
ella sent a pencil to omar .omar kept the pencil from ella .
ella lent a bag to finn .finn thanked ella .
ella gave finn a bag .the person who received the bag was finn .
ella called finn .finn answered the call from ella .
ella sent a bag to finn .finn kept the bag from ella .
ella lent a ball to sara .sara thanked ella .
ella gave sara a ball .the person who received the ball was sara .
ella called sara .sara answered the call from ella .
ella sent a ball to sara .sara kept the ball from ella .
ella lent a towel to noah .noah thanked ella .
ella gave noah a towel .the person who received the towel was noah .
ella called noah .noah answered the call from ella .
ella sent a towel to noah .noah kept the towel from ella .
ella lent a spoon to nina .nina thanked ella .
ella gave nina a spoon .the person who received the spoon was nina .
ella called nina .nina answered the call from ella .
ella sent a spoon to nina .nina kept the spoon from ella .
ella lent a lamp to emma .emma thanked ella .
ella gave emma a lamp .the person who received the lamp was emma .
ella called emma .emma answered the call from ella .
ella sent a lamp to emma .emma kept the lamp from ella .
ella lent a book to luca .luca thanked ella .
ella gave luca a book .the person who received the book was luca .
ella called luca .luca answered the call from ella .
ella sent a book to luca .luca kept the book from ella .
finn lent a spoon to ava .ava thanked finn .
finn gave ava a spoon .the person who received the spoon was ava .
finn called ava .ava answered the call from finn .
finn sent a spoon to ava .ava kept the spoon from finn .
finn lent a lamp to maya .maya thanked finn .
finn gave maya a lamp .the person who received the lamp was maya .
finn called maya .maya answered the call from finn .
finn sent a lamp to maya .maya kept the lamp from finn .
finn lent a book to leo .leo thanked finn .
finn gave leo a book .the person who received the book was leo .
finn called leo .leo answered the call from finn .
finn sent a book to leo .leo kept the book from finn .
finn lent a pencil to nora .nora thanked finn .
finn gave nora a pencil .the person who received the pencil was nora .
finn called nora .nora answered the call from finn .
finn sent a pencil to nora .nora kept the pencil from finn .
finn lent a cup to omar .omar thanked finn .
finn gave omar a cup .the person who received the cup was omar .
finn called omar .omar answered the call from finn .
finn sent a cup to omar .omar kept the cup from finn .
finn lent a bag to ella .ella thanked finn .
finn gave ella a bag .the person who received the bag was ella .
finn called ella .ella answered the call from finn .
finn sent a bag to ella .ella kept the bag from finn .
finn lent a towel to sara .sara thanked finn .
finn gave sara a towel .the person who received the towel was sara .
finn called sara .sara answered the call from finn .
finn sent a towel to sara .sara kept the towel from finn .
finn lent a spoon to noah .noah thanked finn .
finn gave noah a spoon .the person who received the spoon was noah .
finn called noah .noah answered the call from finn .
finn sent a spoon to noah .noah kept the spoon from finn .
finn lent a lamp to nina .nina thanked finn .
finn gave nina a lamp .the person who received the lamp was nina .
finn called nina .nina answered the call from finn .
finn sent a lamp to nina .nina kept the lamp from finn .
finn lent a book to emma .emma thanked finn .
finn gave emma a book .the person who received the book was emma .
finn called emma .emma answered the call from finn .
finn sent a book to emma .emma kept the book from finn .
finn lent a pencil to luca .luca thanked finn .
finn gave luca a pencil .the person who received the pencil was luca .
finn called luca .luca answered the call from finn .
finn sent a pencil to luca .luca kept the pencil from finn .
sara lent a lamp to ava .ava thanked sara .
sara gave ava a lamp .the person who received the lamp was ava .
sara called ava .ava answered the call from sara .
sara sent a lamp to ava .ava kept the lamp from sara .
sara lent a book to maya .maya thanked sara .
sara gave maya a book .the person who received the book was maya .
sara called maya .maya answered the call from sara .
sara sent a book to maya .maya kept the book from sara .
sara lent a pencil to leo .leo thanked sara .
sara gave leo a pencil .the person who received the pencil was leo .
sara called leo .leo answered the call from sara .
sara sent a pencil to leo .leo kept the pencil from sara .
sara lent a cup to nora .nora thanked sara .
sara gave nora a cup .the person who received the cup was nora .
sara called nora .nora answered the call from sara .
sara sent a cup to nora .nora kept the cup from sara .
sara lent a bag to omar .omar thanked sara .
sara gave omar a bag .the person who received the bag was omar .
sara called omar .omar answered the call from sara .
sara sent a bag to omar .omar kept the bag from sara .
sara lent a ball to ella .ella thanked sara .
sara gave ella a ball .the person who received the ball was ella .
sara called ella .ella answered the call from sara .
sara sent a ball to ella .ella kept the ball from sara .
sara lent a towel to finn .finn thanked sara .
sara gave finn a towel .the person who received the towel was finn .
sara called finn .finn answered the call from sara .
sara sent a towel to finn .finn kept the towel from sara .
sara lent a lamp to noah .noah thanked sara .
sara gave noah a lamp .the person who received the lamp was noah .
sara called noah .noah answered the call from sara .
sara sent a lamp to noah .noah kept the lamp from sara .
sara lent a book to nina .nina thanked sara .
sara gave nina a book .the person who received the book was nina .
sara called nina .nina answered the call from sara .
sara sent a book to nina .nina kept the book from sara .
sara lent a pencil to emma .emma thanked sara .
sara gave emma a pencil .the person who received the pencil was emma .
sara called emma .emma answered the call from sara .
sara sent a pencil to emma .emma kept the pencil from sara .
sara lent a cup to luca .luca thanked sara .
sara gave luca a cup .the person who received the cup was luca .
sara called luca .luca answered the call from sara .
sara sent a cup to luca .luca kept the cup from sara .
noah lent a book to ava .ava thanked noah .
noah gave ava a book .the person who received the book was ava .
noah called ava .ava answered the call from noah .
noah sent a book to ava .ava kept the book from noah .
noah lent a pencil to maya .maya thanked noah .
noah gave maya a pencil .the person who received the pencil was maya .
noah called maya .maya answered the call from noah .
noah sent a pencil to maya .maya kept the pencil from noah .
noah lent a cup to leo .leo thanked noah .
noah gave leo a cup .the person who received the cup was leo .
noah called leo .leo answered the call from noah .
noah sent a cup to leo .leo kept the cup from noah .
noah lent a bag to nora .nora thanked noah .
noah gave nora a bag .the person who received the bag was nora .
noah called nora .nora answered the call from noah .
noah sent a bag to nora .nora kept the bag from noah .
noah lent a ball to omar .omar thanked noah .
noah gave omar a ball .the person who received the ball was omar .
noah called omar .omar answered the call from noah .
noah sent a ball to omar .omar kept the ball from noah .
noah lent a towel to ella .ella thanked noah .
noah gave ella a towel .the person who received the towel was ella .
noah called ella .ella answered the call from noah .
noah sent a towel to ella .ella kept the towel from noah .
noah lent a spoon to finn .finn thanked noah .
noah gave finn a spoon .the person who received the spoon was finn .
noah called finn .finn answered the call from noah .
noah sent a spoon to finn .finn kept the spoon from noah .
noah lent a lamp to sara .sara thanked noah .
noah gave sara a lamp .the person who received the lamp was sara .
noah called sara .sara answered the call from noah .
noah sent a lamp to sara .sara kept the lamp from noah .
noah lent a pencil to nina .nina thanked noah .
noah gave nina a pencil .the person who received the pencil was nina .
noah called nina .nina answered the call from noah .
noah sent a pencil to nina .nina kept the pencil from noah .
noah lent a cup to emma .emma thanked noah .
noah gave emma a cup .the person who received the cup was emma .
noah called emma .emma answered the call from noah .
noah sent a cup to emma .emma kept the cup from noah .
noah lent a bag to luca .luca thanked noah .
noah gave luca a bag .the person who received the bag was luca .
noah called luca .luca answered the call from noah .
noah sent a bag to luca .luca kept the bag from noah .
nina lent a pencil to ava .ava thanked nina .
nina gave ava a pencil .the person who received the pencil was ava .
nina called ava .ava answered the call from nina .
nina sent a pencil to ava .ava kept the pencil from nina .
nina lent a cup to maya .maya thanked nina .
nina gave maya a cup .the person who received the cup was maya .
nina called maya .maya answered the call from nina .
nina sent a cup to maya .maya kept the cup from nina .
nina lent a bag to leo .leo thanked nina .
nina gave leo a bag .the person who received the bag was leo .
nina called leo .leo answered the call from nina .
nina sent a bag to leo .leo kept the bag from nina .
nina lent a ball to nora .nora thanked nina .
nina gave nora a ball .the person who received the ball was nora .
nina called nora .nora answered the call from nina .
nina sent a ball to nora .nora kept the ball from nina .
nina lent a towel to omar .omar thanked nina .
nina gave omar a towel .the person who received the towel was omar .
nina called omar .omar answered the call from nina .
nina sent a towel to omar .omar kept the towel from nina .
nina lent a spoon to ella .ella thanked nina .
nina gave ella a spoon .the person who received the spoon was ella .
nina called ella .ella answered the call from nina .
nina sent a spoon to ella .ella kept the spoon from nina .
nina lent a lamp to finn .finn thanked nina .
nina gave finn a lamp .the person who received the lamp was finn .
nina called finn .finn answered the call from nina .
nina sent a lamp to finn .finn kept the lamp from nina .
nina lent a book to sara .sara thanked nina .
nina gave sara a book .the person who received the book was sara .
nina called sara .sara answered the call from nina .
nina sent a book to sara .sara kept the book from nina .
nina lent a pencil to noah .noah thanked nina .
nina gave noah a pencil .the person who received the pencil was noah .
nina called noah .noah answered the call from nina .
nina sent a pencil to noah .noah kept the pencil from nina .
nina lent a bag to emma .emma thanked nina .
nina gave emma a bag .the person who received the bag was emma .
nina called emma .emma answered the call from nina .
nina sent a bag to emma .emma kept the bag from nina .
nina lent a ball to luca .luca thanked nina .
nina gave luca a ball .the person who received the ball was luca .
nina called luca .luca answered the call from nina .
nina sent a ball to luca .luca kept the ball from nina .
emma lent a cup to ava .ava thanked emma .
emma gave ava a cup .the person who received the cup was ava .
emma called ava .ava answered the call from emma .
emma sent a cup to ava .ava kept the cup from emma .
emma lent a bag to maya .maya thanked emma .
emma gave maya a bag .the person who received the bag was maya .
emma called maya .maya answered the call from emma .
emma sent a bag to maya .maya kept the bag from emma .
emma lent a ball to leo .leo thanked emma .
emma gave leo a ball .the person who received the ball was leo .
emma called leo .leo answered the call from emma .
emma sent a ball to leo .leo kept the ball from emma .
emma lent a towel to nora .nora thanked emma .
emma gave nora a towel .the person who received the towel was nora .
emma called nora .nora answered the call from emma .
emma sent a towel to nora .nora kept the towel from emma .
emma lent a spoon to omar .omar thanked emma .
emma gave omar a spoon .the person who received the spoon was omar .
emma called omar .omar answered the call from emma .
emma sent a spoon to omar .omar kept the spoon from emma .
emma lent a lamp to ella .ella thanked emma .
emma gave ella a lamp .the person who received the lamp was ella .
emma called ella .ella answered the call from emma .
emma sent a lamp to ella .ella kept the lamp from emma .
emma lent a book to finn .finn thanked emma .
emma gave finn a book .the person who received the book was finn .
emma called finn .finn answered the call from emma .
emma sent a book to finn .finn kept the book from emma .
emma lent a pencil to sara .sara thanked emma .
emma gave sara a pencil .the person who received the pencil was sara .
emma called sara .sara answered the call from emma .
emma sent a pencil to sara .sara kept the pencil from emma .
emma lent a cup to noah .noah thanked emma .
emma gave noah a cup .the person who received the cup was noah .
emma called noah .noah answered the call from emma .
emma sent a cup to noah .noah kept the cup from emma .
emma lent a bag to nina .nina thanked emma .
emma gave nina a bag .the person who received the bag was nina .
emma called nina .nina answered the call from emma .
emma sent a bag to nina .nina kept the bag from emma .
emma lent a towel to luca .luca thanked emma .
emma gave luca a towel .the person who received the towel was luca .
emma called luca .luca answered the call from emma .
emma sent a towel to luca .luca kept the towel from emma .
luca lent a bag to ava .ava thanked luca .
luca gave ava a bag .the person who received the bag was ava .
luca called ava .ava answered the call from luca .
luca sent a bag to ava .ava kept the bag from luca .
luca lent a ball to maya .maya thanked luca .
luca gave maya a ball .the person who received the ball was maya .
luca called maya .maya answered the call from luca .
luca sent a ball to maya .maya kept the ball from luca .
luca lent a towel to leo .leo thanked luca .
luca gave leo a towel .the person who received the towel was leo .
luca called leo .leo answered the call from luca .
luca sent a towel to leo .leo kept the towel from luca .
luca lent a spoon to nora .nora thanked luca .
luca gave nora a spoon .the person who received the spoon was nora .
luca called nora .nora answered the call from luca .
luca sent a spoon to nora .nora kept the spoon from luca .
luca lent a lamp to omar .omar thanked luca .
luca gave omar a lamp .the person who received the lamp was omar .
luca called omar .omar answered the call from luca .
luca sent a lamp to omar .omar kept the lamp from luca .
luca lent a book to ella .ella thanked luca .
luca gave ella a book .the person who received the book was ella .
luca called ella .ella answered the call from luca .
luca sent a book to ella .ella kept the book from luca .
luca lent a pencil to finn .finn thanked luca .
luca gave finn a pencil .the person who received the pencil was finn .
luca called finn .finn answered the call from luca .
luca sent a pencil to finn .finn kept the pencil from luca .
luca lent a cup to sara .sara thanked luca .
luca gave sara a cup .the person who received the cup was sara .
luca called sara .sara answered the call from luca .
luca sent a cup to sara .sara kept the cup from luca .
luca lent a bag to noah .noah thanked luca .
luca gave noah a bag .the person who received the bag was noah .
luca called noah .noah answered the call from luca .
luca sent a bag to noah .noah kept the bag from luca .
luca lent a ball to nina .nina thanked luca .
luca gave nina a ball .the person who received the ball was nina .
luca called nina .nina answered the call from luca .
luca sent a ball to nina .nina kept the ball from luca .
luca lent a towel to emma .emma thanked luca .
luca gave emma a towel .the person who received the towel was emma .
luca called emma .emma answered the call from luca .
luca sent a towel to emma .emma kept the towel from luca .
